=====================
Arrow Key Handling ||
=====================

Arrow key handling for V6 is a bit broken.  In "Journey", there are five
columns along the bottom of the screen for choosing commands.  The first
column (starting from the left) lists party commands.  The second lists
party members with an arrow pointing to the right.  The three remaining
columns list available commands which can be given to the characters.  If
a command appears to the right of a character's name, you can key over to
that command and the character will do that activity.  For example, "Cast"
appears to the right of Praxix's name.  Key over to "Cast" and hit enter.
A list of spells to cast will appear.  The problem is that you cannot key
over to a column on the right unless a valid command exists to the right
of the option currently in focus.

To see this bug in action, start the game and enter the tavern.  Notice
how you then have only "Exit" and "Game" as the available party commands.
Bergon has no available commands.  Commands are available to Praxix,
Esher, and Tag; but you can't move the selection (cursor, I guess)
directly over to the right and Frotz beeps at you.  Frotz should move pick
the next option above or below and to the right of the current option in
cases like this.


==================
Screen Resizing ||
==================

There are some significant problems involved in getting screen resizes (as
in resizing an xterm) to work correctly at least with Frotz's
implementation of the Z-Machine and probably the Z-Machine standard
itself.  For this reason, I have not implemented screen resizing for Frotz
2.40.  I know that some zcode interpreters are able to deal with resizes
somewhat gracefully, but I haven't seen one yet that will handle some
weirder situations.  Infocom's "Border Zone" and "Beyond Zork are
especially troublesome for doing resizes.  Nitfol seems to have the best
handling of screen resizes.  Since it uses the Glk library, I'm inclined
to think the Glk library is at least partially responsible.  If you have
any other ideas on how to cleanly resize screens, I'd like to hear them.

The Z-Machine seems to assume that when the screen dimensions are set,
they will never change over the course of the game, even across saves and
restores.  For some reason, saves include screen dimensions and I've yet
to discover how to override the Z-Machine from setting its dimensions to
the saved ones instead of how the current screen really is.  When the
Z-Machine was first defined by Infocom, this made sense since terminal
screens rarely, if ever, changed their dimensions and few people were
assumed to trade saves across platforms.


============================
OSS sound on NetBSD/sparc ||
============================

The only machines using the OSS drivers I can test sound on are Linux/x86
machines and Sparcs running NetBSD.  The sound from the NetBSD/sparc
machines sounds horrrible (twice as slow, full of static).  I'm sure
there's an endian problem somewhere, but I know very little about sound
programming.  So far, I haven't heard of anyone trying sound on machines
other than Linux/x86.


===================
Other Known Bugs ||
===================

Sound flag is not being set properly.


